Story1 readme (#23)
StreetScienceCommunity/DNAnalyzer: README.md

```
---
layout: slides
title: Level X - <title of level>

---
### Title
content of slide
![alternative text for image] (images/<name of image file>)

[Source/link to original image]

???

Text for the voice
Split by sentence
1 sentence starting with “-”

```

- Create a folder “images”, put all images used in slides.html for this level there

- Create index.md using pattern:

 For NOT last level:

```
---
layout: level
title: DNAnalyzer
description: 'Level X - <name of level>’
image: /images/index.png
quiz: <Embed HTML of google form used for this level quiz>
scores: <Embed HTML of google sheets used for this level scores>
---

[**Next level**]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link game/level<X+1>/index.md %}){:.button .is-link .is-large}
```

 For last level:

```
---
layout: level
title: DNAnalyzer
description: 'Level X - <name of level>’
image: /images/index.png
quiz: <Embed HTML of google form used for this level quiz>
scores: <Embed HTML of google sheets used for this level scores>
---

[**Results**](http://streetscience.community/DNAnalyzer/index#results){:.button .is-link .is-large}
```

- Generate video (see section “Generate videos”) from slides.html. Add video with name video.mp4

> ### How can I create a quiz for a new level?
> Quiz is realized with google forms. Results are located in Google Sheets https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/19Hiaqqvoue3M2YpA-LePUFe81fmZdNbu 
> 
> 1. Create google form with questions based on content of slides.html
> 
> - First required question is “Your Username (use the same Username at all levels)”
> 
> - Turn on the option “Limit to 1 response”
> 
> - Set up correct answers and points for every question
> 
> 2. Link google form with google sheet 
> 
> - Create new page”lvlX”  in google sheet https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lPF_mXTmSa4BJDRjnd6_pwXCia7NDxlDJ6VlRMM0K18/edit#gid=906511743
> 
> - Link gform with this page responses -> create google sheet -> select existing google sheet
> 
> 3. In scores google sheet
> 
> - Create page “Level X” which will be cleaned up from unneeded information and shared in game
> 
> - Add 2 columns “Username” with formula =’lvlX’!A:A, “Score” with formula =’lvlX’!B:B
> 
> - In the page “Results” open hidden columns with levels, add level X with formula ==IFERROR(VLOOKUP(A:A,'Level X'!A:B,2,FALSE),"")
> 
> - In column “Max level” add new sum term +IF(ISNUMBER(X:X),1,0) in formula, where X is column for new added level
> 
> - In column “Final score” change the range of cells, make sure that cells with a new added level are taken into account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I create a quiz for a new level?

Quiz is realized with google forms. Results are located in [Google spreadsheet](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/19Hiaqqvoue3M2YpA-LePUFe81fmZdNbu )

1. Create google form with questions based on content of `slides.html`:

    - First required question is “Your Username (use the same Username at all levels)”
    - Turn on the option “Limit to 1 response”
    - Set up correct answers and points for every question

2. Link Google form with Google spreadsheet 

    - Create new sheet ”lvlX”  in [Google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lPF_mXTmSa4BJDRjnd6_pwXCia7NDxlDJ6VlRMM0K18/edit#gid=906511743)
    - Link Google form with this page responses
       - Create Google sheet
       - Select existing Google sheet

3. In the [scoring Google spreadsheet]()

    - Create page “Level X” which will be cleaned up from unneeded information and shared in game
    - Add 2 columns
      - `Username` with formula `=’lvlX’!A:A`
      - “Score` with formula `=’lvlX’!B:B`

    - In the sheet “Results”,
      - Open hidden columns with levels
      - Add a column `level X` with formula `==IFERROR(VLOOKUP(A:A,'Level X'!A:B,2,FALSE),"")`
      - In column `Max level`:  add new sum term `+IF(ISNUMBER(X:X),1,0)` in formula, where `X` is column for new added level
      - In column `Final score`
         - Change the range of cells
         - Make sure that cells with a new added level are taken into account.
```

> #### Colour codes
> 
> #aabeff4b - footer and header colours
> #b1c4ff1a - background colour
> #E5f0f9 - colour used in gforms and gsheets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Website color code

- Footer and header:  `#aabeff4b`
- Background: `#b1c4ff1a`
- Color used in Google forms and spreadsheets: `#E5f0f9` 
```
